docs: update the proxy guide with more detail about SSCs (#81)
nrwl/nx-cloud-helm: PROXY-GUIDE.md

NxAPI pods.

## Self-Signed SSL Certificates

> If you deploy the `nx-cloud-frontend` pod with a self-signed certificate you can use the same strategy as in the case of running behind a proxy, but this time you can use `node:https`. Change the contents of the `custom-proxy-config.js` file detailed above to the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have set-up your NxCloud cluster a self-signed certificate you can use the same strategy as in the case of running behind a proxy, but this time you can use `node:https`. Change the contents of the `custom-proxy-config.js` file detailed above to the following:
```

Reviewer: we can generalise this, just because it wouldn't really be the `frontend` pod, but the runner would connect to the `nx-api` pod via the cluster's LB - and it depends where TLS is terminated
